we saw how things can contract yes now
we want to know when we go from a did I
put that fire out or I just leave it
okay sorry go from a liquid to a gas
things expand okay all right so what
we're gonna attempt to do is use that
theory of thermodynamics to obliterate a
watermelon great let's do it so we got a
watermelon we've got a bottle designed
to hold pressure and we have a nearly
bulletproof giant box here okay all
right all right hey step number one yeah
come on over here okay
and go ahead and mask up really yeah
yeah I feel like this is never necessary
all right there we go I'm gonna just
pour some more to set some more mortar
in there okay helps us out and let me
get a glove on you're gonna be in charge
of liquid nitrogen
good all right so to really use this
funnel yeah this is it I will hold that
okay and if you would go ahead and fill
up here we go what a disaster all right
I'll get target so I checked Breaking
Bad gently pour that in there am i doing
it right yeah yeah all right hold up
there for a second so now we're fill
they don't have a flooring it up it's
kind of cool and hits the floor all
right yeah see you're all gonna die
we're showing the expansion of then
awesome all right you're in charge of
the watermelon okay we're gonna go ahead
and bring it into our box which we are
calling our boom room
all right it's heavy this is a heavy
watermelon I hope I don't drop it
all right go ahead put it right on that
platform in there okay I'm gonna get is
this a trick are you gonna do something
terrible to me is this like Superman
where you take my powers by locking me
into this thing oh that would be God
right you want to step out now okay all
right so I'm gonna cap this that's gonna
cause the liquid nitrogen to evaporate
away furniture gasps there we go okay I
got put that upside down in there and
then I'm gonna bring this nice and
closed so now pressure is building up
okay so design oh wow that's it it's
giving birth
okay Wow
it's like a smoothie here's the instant
replay oh my god that's unbelievable
I am Jimmy Kimmel wanna see more well
subscribe to our YouTube channel by
clicking here it's just like subscribing
to a magazine but without those annoying
cards that fall out of them